hey guys welcome to lingo Verena today
i'm gonna teach you how to stop saying a
lot and when i first came to the UK my
friend told me send loads of love to
your parents and I was like wow I'm used
to lots of love but I'm not used to Loa
D s loads of love and that sounded cool
and I started using it and later I
realised there are so many words that
you can use instead of a lot off and we
made up this list together with my team
and I'm gonna teach you what to use
instead of a lot so if you're interested
in diversifying your speech in sounding
more advanced continue watching this
video and keep writing new things down
because this is the way you remember and
later use them
[Music]
a great deal means a large amount so
instead of saying I know a lot of kpop
music you can say I know a great deal of
kpop music that sounds a lot cooler
right right deal about monsters by ample
means enough or more than enough another
word is plentiful in case of another log
down
I have ample stores of food and water I
think this is almost everyone in the US
because people bought so many things in
the past few months
ample that should provide us ample time
abundance is a word used for a great
quantity of something Paris is a city
that have an abundance of fine
restaurants it means it has a lot of
fine restaurants but abundance sounds a
lot nicer and by the way if you're
taking any tests or if you are doing
academic writing academic speaking make
sure if you learn at least three or five
of these words by heart and learn how to
use them because on every test you will
be graded according to the level of
vocabulary that you're using and if
they're all the tests you will be like a
lot a lot a lot and junior speaking be a
lot a lot a lot and during your
university interview you'll be like a
lot a lot a lot of people be like oh my
god does he know or does she know any
other words and if you watch this video
you'll be like oh yeah I do
marina taught me some Persian abundance
of character enormous li means to a very
great degree or extent so this is an
adverb the quality of life there is
enormous ly from one place to another
enormous ly enormous ly dangerous
consequences heath means a large amount
or number oh I've got heaps of work to
do needles of love and heaps of good
wishes from kam Legion means a great
number and Legion is normally used when
we're talking about a group of people
after graduating from a university I
have a legion of new friends that means
I have a huge group of new friends
during Legion
but the next one is loathe a lot of or
manny and this is what my British friend
Catherine uses whenever she writes a
letter or an email
she writes loads of love to your family
from me X X X this is kiss kiss kiss has
loads of insecurities masses is a
synonym for a large number of people the
masses will be voting on Tuesday that
means a lot of people the majority of
people will be voting on Tuesday great
masses of humanity myriad historically
means a unit of 10,000 but it also means
a lot throughout the life a person
encounters myriads of concepts so
verbatim if we're gonna explain it to
other life a person encounters tens of
thousands of new concepts of the myriad
of treasures we have gotten plenty means
a sufficient number or sometimes more
than enough I would have plenty of time
to get home before my parents arrived
that means that we'll have more than
enough time to get home plenty of people
plethora an excessive amount of
something plethora there is a plethora
of books about the royal family there is
a plethora of books about economics
there is a plethora of books on anything
would you say I have it pinatas ream
means a very large amount of something
again the same as a lot of they had
reams of data to prove their point they
have a lot of data to prove their point
three cats large number a quantity again
a lot I've got scads of letters to write
scares of lobsters on a tank slew a
large amount or a number you can find a
slew of books on the shelf there's a
suicide Birds
roaming this part again these words are
not something that you would use every
five minutes when you speak English but
you would encounter them when you read a
book when you talk to native speaker
when you read an article and sometimes
you see the words cast and you're like
is that a lot or is that a little and
sometimes the meaning changes completely
if you don't understand one single word
so just make sure you kind of try and
remember what they mean I don't expect
you to use them right away in your
speech but at least start to recognize
them start to acknowledge that these
words exist and I want to wrap up with
the word tons which means much a lot of
I feel tons better that means I feel a
lot better
it will mean tons to me if you like this
video and subscribe to this channel if
you enjoyed watching it and if you guys
want to grow your vocabulary by even
more words there is a resource called
English out online this is where I
posted my workbook in English and it has
a lot of useful vocabulary a lot of
idioms a lot of phrasal verbs that are
gonna make you sound like a native
speaker
the link will be below download it and
start improving your English today thank
you so much for watching this video and
I will see you really soon in my next
walk bye